So folks, we are going to do a little story time,
and this comes down to the choices that you make as a DevOps engineer.
Working late one Friday night at a startup long, long ago,
I decided to make a manual change
on a couple of servers that were behind a load balancer,
and I fixed the problem.
Then Q8 checked it on Monday morning.
Then they did a new deploy,
which over those manual changes,
and they checked it again and it stopped working.
So my boss being a smart lady that she was,
she very quickly realized what the problem was and was like,
"Owen, please don't do that".
So I just encourage you to learn from
my mistake and don't make manual changes on production.
Already, let's move on to the next lesson.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6